how'd it feel getting back out there for
the percentage is fun I was excited to
be out there i think the energy was good
overall among the guys just had a lot of
good things to say about you what do you
think about this oh I love you know I
think it's a staff that everyone's gonna
really enjoy playing under and being
coached by so you know if they like us
and be like them that's a good
combination by thors of different things
from coach Cheney maybe didn't have
before yeah I'm sure it'll be some
different things you know a few
different concepts in the offense but a
lot of carryover as well you think to
let you run or even collecting gosh
you've been a little bit of certain
games right same same game plan type
thing I don't know I'm not sure yet day
one so we were really put in any
quarterback run so I have no idea what
to expect what's it been like so far
practicing with a guy like that coach
deshaney great it makes it fun you know
he's a character has a great personality
so you makes it fun for all of us and
it'll coach you when you need to be
coach too what about beyond today though
the last month or two what's the process
bit like of giving a no and in finding
out about Judah you're finding out about
campaigns
how does that I mean I knew him a little
bit from being recruited by Tennessee
and so we were just building from there
but it's been good I mean I've tried to
learn this offense as I can and he's
taught me well and the relationship has
grown since you know we started so it's
been fun the process has been finally
meeting people and going through that
process so it's been it's been a good
time that different is the offense from
way guys did in the past um it's you
know it's a little bit different like I
said a lot of the same concepts football
football fan a lot of concepts across
offences carry over so few nuances will
change but not drastically different you
know you give me have a shot gun a
little bit more then all you are bed
yeah you feel a different vibe from the
team of the new coaching staff um you
know I think our team has been really
good with adapting to change so through
the process we've kept high energy and
the positive attitude so I think we just
continue to do that your number is
improved in the second half of the
season last year what new staff new
office all that stuff but I mean what do
you kind of tape or what can you take
from that second half of the season what
were some of the biggest thing for you I
guess he felt like I think just the
second half of the season was me
settling into the this stage you know
this level of football so it wasn't
really when I was learning the offense
as we went that's not it i knew the
offense going to the season it was more
knowing how to game plan and being
comfortable in the field so I can carry
over those things that I learned
I can start this season so it is stuff
that you could carry right right it's I
think I'll and sustain does it come from
over one of the toughest things to
contestant yeah I think yeah for any any
quarterback especially you know if you
can be comfortable and calm when you're
out on this stage and you'll succeed yes
don't have a lot of arms and spring this
here is that kind of a good thing though
with the new offensive coaches know
they've you'll get ya counter rub but
yeah you could look at like that good
conditioning a good rep count it says
here we good though
I